Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International

CREATIVE COMMONS CORPORATION IS NOT A LAW FIRM AND DOES NOT PROVIDE
LEGAL SERVICES. DISTRIBUTION OF THIS DOCUMENT DOES NOT CREATE AN
ATTORNEY-CLIENT RELATIONSHIP. CREATIVE COMMONS PROVIDES THIS INFORMATION
ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. CREATIVE COMMONS MAKES NO WARRANTIES REGARDING THE
USE OF THIS DOCUMENT OR THE INFORMATION OR WORKS PROVIDED HEREUNDER, AND
DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM ITS USE.

Statement of Rights and Responsibilities

This version of the license is a human-readable summary of the full
license, which is legally binding. The full license is available at:
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode

Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International

You are free to:

Share — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format

Adapt — remix, transform, and build upon the material for any purpose,
even commercially.

The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the
license terms.

Under the following terms:

Attribution — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the
license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any
reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor
endorses you or your use.

ShareAlike — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you
must distribute your contributions under the same license as the
original.

No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or
technological measures that legally restrict others from doing
anything the license permits.

Notices:

You do not have to comply with the license for elements of the material
in the public domain or where your use is permitted by an applicable
exception or limitation.

No warranties are given. The license may not give you all of the
permissions necessary for your intended use. For example, other rights
such as publicity, privacy, or moral rights may limit how you use the
material.

For the full legal code, visit:
https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/legalcode
